Doc set for VMFR (#110937)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oadp-vmfr-access-methods.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/oadp-vmfr/oadp-vmfr.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="oadp-vmfr-access-methods_{context}"]
= {oadp-short} VMFR file access methods

[role="_abstract"]

> Review the available methods for accessing restored files from virtual machine backups. {oadp-short} virtual machine file restore (VMFR) provides web browser and SSH-based access methods that you can configure individually or together.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Access restored files from virtual machine (VM) backups through a web browser or SSH-based tools. {oadp-short} virtual machine file restore (VMFR) provides access methods that you can configure individually or together.
```
it was almost a bit self-referential

> == Web browser access

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[id="oadp-vmfr-web-browser-access_{context}"]
== Web browser access
```

The web access method uses a `FileBrowser` container to serve an HTTPS interface for browsing and downloading files. Web browser access provides the following capabilities:

* Directory navigation across backup versions.
* File preview for common text and image formats.
* Individual file or directory archive downloads.
* Credential management through Kubernetes secrets.
* `ClusterIP` service exposure for internal cluster access.

> * Optional external route exposure for access outside the cluster by setting `exposeExternally: true` in the VMFR CR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Directory navigation across backup versions
* File preview for common text and image formats
* Individual file or directory archive downloads
* Credential management through Kubernetes secrets
* `ClusterIP` service exposure for internal cluster access
* Optional external route exposure for access outside the cluster by setting `exposeExternally: true` in the VMFR CR
```

Not complete sentences so do not need punctuation

== SSH-based access

The SSH access method provides command-line file transfer capabilities through key-based authentication. When you configure `fileAccess.ssh: {}` in the VMFR CR, the controller autogenerates an SSH key pair and stores it in a Kubernetes secret. SSH-based access supports the following tools:

* `scp` for individual file transfer.
* `sftp` for interactive file browsing sessions.

> * `rsync` over SSH for synchronizing files and directories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `scp` for individual file transfer
* `sftp` for interactive file browsing sessions
* `rsync` over SSH for synchronizing files and directories
```

Not complete sentences so do not need punctuation

SSH access uses the following defaults:

* Default username: `oadp`.
* Default port: `2222`.

> * Remote path format: `/restores/<date>/<backup_name>/<vm_name>/<path_to_file>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Default username: `oadp`
* Default port: `2222`
* Remote path format: `/restores/_<date>_/_<backup_name>_/_<vm_name>_/_<path_to_fi
```

Not complete sentences, so do not need punctuation
